Add `osu!mania 4K World Cup 2025: Quarterfinals Recap` news post (#13722)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-09-17-osumania-4k-world-cup-2025-quarterfinals-recap.md

| Italy ::{ flag=IT }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=PL }:: **Poland** |
| **Thailand** ::{ flag=TH }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil |
| Argentina ::{ flag=AR }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=ES }:: **Spain** |
| **Peru** ::{ flag=PE }:: | **6** | 3 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=VN }:: Vietnam |
| **Thailand** ::{ flag=TH }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| Poland ::{ flag=PL }:: | 4 | **6** | ::{ flag=PH }:: **Philippines** |
| Russian Federation ::{ flag=RU }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **Indonesia** |
| Hong Kong ::{ flag=HK }:: | 4 | **6** | ::{ flag=GB }:: **United Kingdom** |
| Spain ::{ flag=ES }:: | 3 | **6** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |

During the weekend we got a small glimpse into the environment we'll be seeing all throughout the closing half of the tournament. To say that the stakes have risen would be an understatement. Even more so was the bump in difficulty when compared to last week's pools. Hard to say how much this caught some teams by surprise given that the average Joe would already be struggling just passing these maps.

> What we know for sure is that the extra challenge has made matches much, much more interesting to watch! We can only hope that also extended to the players themselves as they survived last week's gauntlet. And amongst all of the highlights, two matches in particular stood out from the rest.

Author: among us

(We can change it if it's too much of an issue)

Both the United Kingdom and the Hong Kong teams played extremely well, and had a lot of things they were able to prove, with both having scores that were among the best; however, the United Kingdom's consistency at the tail end of the match gave them the slight edge that was more than enough to beat Hong Kong. Good luck to both teams in their future matches!

### ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland vs. ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119206077)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk1GfYlDLhc&t=559)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QghgYwR8QiU?start=405&end=602" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> While both teams persevered throughout the losers' bracket despite their early losses, ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland and ::{ flag=PH }:: the Philippines were going to have one hell of a fight to determine who would be making it into the Semifinals. Despite the team's unfortunate handicaps with their rosters and consistency throughout the tournament, they performed far above everyone's initial expectations during the match!

Author: You'd be correct. Misplaced it.

| 10 | Hong Kong ::{ flag=HK }:: | ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom | RC4 | 1,605 | ::{ flag=HK }:: | ::{ flag=HK }:: | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119206077 "Match history") |

At first glance you may notice that the match between ::{ flag=TH }:: Thailand and ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan had not one, not two, but three of the top 10 closest maps throughout the whole round. While going off of the final result it may not look like it, that final scoreline could have been very different.

Thailand picking their protect of [Ariabl'eyeS - Romanesque Romancia](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2428522) (RC3) as the first map of the match ended up being a point for Japan. An unfortunate miss about halfway through the map gave Japan the lead, and from there, they just about managed to hold on even though the accuracies favoured the Thai roster. Right after that map, the Japanese protect of [Puru - Toki (maidable Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1306576) (RC7) ended up going to Thailand with a single miss on both sides. This resulted in a close point right up until the very end.

> And that wasn't even the closest map during the weekend! That map would come right after these 2 break points. On [Azumi Takahashi feat. Lotus Juice - It's Going Down Now](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2428514) (RC1) the Japanese players managed to all keep their combos, and after another unfortunate miss happening on the Thai side, it looked like Japan would run away with yet another break point. But as the map came to a close, and with the accuracy lead on their side, Thailand managed to take the point by the skin of their teeth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And they weren't even the closest maps of the weekend! Right after those two break points, on [Azumi Takahashi feat. Lotus Juice - It's Going Down Now](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2428514) (RC1), the Japanese players all managed to keep their combos, looking to catch a third break point after another unfortunate miss from the Thai side. However, as the map came to a close, and with the accuracy lead on their side, Thailand managed to take the point by the skin of their teeth.
```

> To round off the closest maps of this weekend we have scores from the matches between ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland and the ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines as well as between ::{ flag=HK }:: Hong Kong and the ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom. Both of these matches had some incredibly close calls that deserve a watch. If you haven't read the highlights up above for these matches, be sure to go back and give them a read. We promise that it will be worth your time!
> 

Reviewer: this section is already very long and just concluded a neatly packaged story of thailand and japan's close scores. this paragraph doesn't seem to add much

```suggestion
```

Author: Sure, no issue trimming it.

> With Quarterfinals seeing the smallest score differences on average of every weekend thus far, it's exciting to think what we'll see going into the Semifinals. Will we finally see score differences enter the double digits? Or will we perhaps see matches get so close that they have to be decided through the tiebreaker? With players performing as well as they have, and stakes getting increasingly higher, the extraordinary performances are set to continue this weekend as well.

Reviewer: outdated since semis are over

```suggestion
Whew. We don't know about you, but with such close victories and comebacks, we got to experience plenty of hype moments at the edge of our seats. In fact, the Quarterfinals had the smallest score differences on average of every weekend thus far, so it's exciting to think what we'll see going into future rounds.
```

---

> With both Quarterfinals (and Semifinals!) already over, be sure to tune in to the streams at [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to witness the second to last week of matches of the tournament. Or if you just want to dive into the stats, then the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) has you covered. That's the place to find all the information you need — and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Quarterfinals (and Semifinals!) already over, be sure to tune in to the streams at [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to witness the second last week of matches of the tournament. Or if you just want to dive into the stats, then the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) has you covered. That's the place to find all the information you need — and more!

We'll see you before the weekend matches with a recap of the Semifinals that just ended.
```
